docs: installation (#3646)
zitadel/zitadel: docs/docs/guides/installation/configuration.mdx

## Overwrite ZITADEL Defaults

See a description of all possible configuration options with their defaults [in the source code](https://github.com/zitadel/zitadel/blob/v2/cmd/defaults.yaml).

> You can configure these values by passing one or multiple configuration yaml files to the zitadel command.

Author: ```suggestion
You can configure these values by passing one or multiple configuration yaml file paths to the zitadel command using the --config argument.
```
